Document where Board meeting minutes are stored (#3405)
FlowFuse/website: src/handbook/company/board.md

2. A link to the pre-shared materials for the Strategic Discussion
3. List of action items

### Meeting Minutes

> Meeting Minutes are compiled by our Counsel and shared after the meeting. They are stored in the FlowFuse Admin Shared Drive, in the Investors Folder, under the correct year. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meeting Minutes are compiled by our Counsel and shared after the meeting. They are stored in the FlowFuse Admin Shared Drive, in the [Investors directory](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1EO1QO2K0wsHKRhA6FUjwkLvILrPCsAHA), under the correct year. 
```
